silent mobility
Electric vehicles are no longer seen they are already a reality for them
will belong to the future
according to the results of a recent poll, 40 percent of
German already ready today
at the next car purchase an electric vehicle in the shortlist too
pull
Discussion material, however, are the range and especially the recharge
of the vehicles
So far, charging stations have been used
the manufacturers are striving and dissemination and user-friendly application
Langenfeld a large basin must be the charging infrastructure and
on the spot
and we have too
important partners won free admission
besides European largest European council at the operator Georg oa
so we were in the best position in public here
At the same time annoying
also with you and is innovative in itself
In addition to the inserts, the weir for wired laying has been developed
have and continue to develop
we show a solution for the so-called inductive charging
The inductive charging is for the users of Nutzfahrzeuge first time one
very comfortable and attractive
lowe's around
because he just does not get closer a cable out of the vehicle than one
such charging station
Percent
in a later expansion stage, it is conceivable that then the charging process
fully automatically the vehicle starts to identify itself at the
Charging station and as soon as this is done it automatically starts the charging process
Clever minds from Munich also had thoughts on the subject neck
made
a nondescript of the circle division distinguish place
far and wide, no late ropes can be seen
The little Katharina System is new to Europe
A simple 220-volt outlet becomes a charging station
how can the one charging station be
by bringing in something for base stations and what are stations
monitors and protects those with Klose that the concept is that if here
anyone unauthorized attempting to take power was his consumer because
unauthorized is plugged in, the system simply switches to one
short time span
we do the practical test
and lit a consumer
it only takes a few seconds
and the base station turns off the power
How does the system know who can refuel power?
you have an end
Teltschik captain Aigner further electronics one in Africa and in the car
has blocked
has built and percent identifies to the
User or that could and has been charged with that
Background System
important to end users
how time-consuming is it to retrofit your own socket?
they actually need one if they already have one
Year 16 at the Pearl oath and lie have their garage tight I do nothing next
as if using a water station to run current ideally just behind
then the fuse box if they have a counters care line then daddy
simply replaced by a stronger rescue parachute and that are
All the costs are predictable and you electricians
can afford 4
and the cost of the system itself
allegedly still in the three-digit range